ladies and gentlemen on behalf the
British Chamber of Commerce in Germany a
very warm welcome to you and your
family's death master hard upon British
stayed in bazoo con vida de Monte m151
is thus the Open University anagram
survive from course and had on the
Nevada is I'm creating a festa by demise
maneuvers in the Missouri River hushed
over deep you filed mine kinda I saw
Alice to DM from guys decision Jeffrey
runner to arrest Jeffrey would Elizabeth
Horton harsh to him or dust and water
admit I'm team for coordinate torn from
to torn on Trudy and then pursue condom
is one sofa dawdling I can't really
remember how many years the arm
university's been with us but the earth
university has been a member of the
chamber for more than a decade and I can
only say that it has been a very
fruitful relationship Jackie Hadley who
come in homage to best at first I'm
y-coordinate oven video University
encouraged Jackie visits insisted to
Tiernan to them as ice roads and amid
heightened torture it's gift option
fillet experts went off and killed under
loiters under education then turn order
after condition England
well the Newcastle office in northeast
England has been responsible for the
administration of continental European
scheme starting with the Benelux
countries since 1982 and more recently
but still quite some time ago 1994 for
the rest of Europe and more recently of
course the expanded Europe which is
something that we really love doing
because of the great cultural diversity
of the students that we encounter in
Germany in the the major centers major
cities in Germany and the one in in
Hamburg we're delighted that we're
working with the university of hamburg
and the collaboration there celebrated
over 10 years a couple of years ago
thank you for coming today and a warm
welcome for this little ceremony which
we are very pleased to do each year's
mine will be saying a bit more about on
vista to freedom yet so I'm ender she
has a part of flailing as I said no
Sofia back garden roof we're not
dementia fighting yet started before I
had fun on quantum just visiting
associates as a woman and her doctor
fangen mm-hmm du hast and a bachelor of
science and computing am at bass vuitton
motivates you it's Ben's I'd virtuosity
on in a pooka me wrong chetak and when
it Liam for flesh to diridon sniffing
only versity it pass ideale to us in
appstore schemata in International
Studies kept angle insertion it's my
Nakia Nakia Kleinman when Stassi oh you
knew her to nucleic artists from dr.
Hall's austinmahone to us I initial man
dr. Tito well I'm not an MBA opened off
that's my vision dr. Martin my cheek
that's a selector if I reckon master
hamato this is filmmaking for this
knowledge studium I just mohave in a
moment pirata only staying in master
commands riding a tune every man
Keaton's management or an under a test
management or they should really moment
I often sweatin
success that is such an interesting word
because success for the students doing
the MBA course is so much more than the
certificate and then they get that the
piece of paper that they get at the end
to be honest with you success means
being able to use what they've learned
use the tools the management tools be
able to put those into practice in there
working situations and for many many
people that means promotion it means
being able to take on a wider role in
their organizations it means starting a
project in a different country it might
even mean leaving their original job and
going to another job but success is
being able to use what they've learned
to further their working lives
you